# Kerr-Newman-Black-Hole
Creating the substantial Kerr-Newman Black Hole
The numerical method is to calculate the formation structure of the Kerr-Newman black hole, and we consider the Kerr-Newman metric as the mathematical basis to discuss the model that we propose in the manuscript "Ting-Han Pei, “The Finite-Size Nuclear Structure of The Black Hole,” Preprints-111905 (Under review). doi: 10.20944/preprints202109.0354.v2."
This tool is written to find the black hole solutions matching the structure. These solutions are substantial solutions to avoid the singularities inside the black hole, so this tool supports us in verifying the existence of the black hole different from the traditional solution. The starting point of the program is to define the parameters of the core structure and two thin surrounding negatively charged regions. In our research, the parameters of the core structure are based on the report where the total charge Q is 1.648824×10^20  C, the mass of the core structure is one solar mass denoted by M_⨀, and the radius of this core is 0.9367 RS. 
Next, the total energy of electrons moving in the circular orbit surrounding the core region can be calculated . Here we have to use the program carefully because the counter-rotating and corotating movements have different energy. Two circular orbits are considered in the program where one is for the counter-rotating electrons and the other is for the corotating electrons. Both radii are between 0.9367 RS and RS in order to make sure that the outer event horizon r+ of the Kerr-Newman black hole is larger than 0.9367 RS but r+≤RS where equivalence is for the Schwarzschild black hole. 
Finally, by inputting different total charges in these two orbits, one is α1N and the other is α2N, we can find the solutions for the Kerr-Newman black holes where both radii are between 0.9367 RS and RS and r+≥max(r1,r2) as the requirement of the Kerr-Newman black hole.
